docs: add notices on chart and interactive chart page (#860)
Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui: documents/src/pages/elements/interactive-chart.md

```
::

> !> EFv6 uses lightweight chart v3.x. Upgrade to EFv7 for lightweight chart v4.x.

Reviewer: Note that with this change, we need to deploy https://github.com/Refinitiv/refinitiv-ui/pull/857 first.
```suggestion
!> EFv6 uses lightweight-charts v3. [Upgrade to EFv7](http://ui.refinitiv.com/start/upgrade-guide) for lightweight-charts v4.
```
